{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Liquid War Client\
\
Requirements:\
	Mac OS X ( Tested with 10.2.4 )\
	X Server ( Tested with Apple's X11 Beta and XDarwin )\
	ESound ( Only needed for sound. Available from Fink )\
\
This is application bundle attempts to detect if the X server and esd are running.  If not, it will try to start them before running Liquid War.  This works on my computer, there's no guarantee it will work on yours.  If you have problems, try manually starting esd and X.  Sometimes there seems to be a delay between launching X and launching Liquid War.  Moving the mouse around and clicking on the menu bar usually make Liquid War start.  Sometimes there will be no sound even though esd is running.  I have no clue why.  \
\
For more information, go to https://ufoot.org/liquidwar/v5/\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License\
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2\
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\
GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA. }